The tz database

Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below:

Sources for Time Zone and Daylight Saving Time Data
@(#)tz-link.htm 7.54

Please send corrections to this web page to the time zone mailing list.
The tz database

The public-domain time zone database contains code and data that represent the
history of local time for many representative locations around the globe. It is
updated periodically to reflect changes made by political bodies to time zone
boundaries, UTC offsets, and daylight-saving rules. This database (often called
tz or zoneinfo) is used by several implementations, including the GNU C Library
used in GNU/Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, Cygwin, DJGPP, HP-UX, IRIX, Mac OS
X, OpenVMS, Solaris, Tru64, and UnixWare.

Each location in the database represents a national region where all clocks
keeping local time have agreed since 1970. Locations are identified by continent
or ocean and then by the name of the location, which is typically the largest
city within the region. For example, America/New_York represents most of the US
eastern time zone; America/Phoenix represents most of Arizona, which uses
mountain time without daylight saving time (DST); America/Detroit represents
most of Michigan, which uses eastern time but with different DST rules in 1975;
and other entries represent smaller regions like Starke County, Indiana, which
switched from central to eastern time in 1991 and switched back in 2006. To use
the database on an extended POSIX implementation set the TZ environment variable
to the location's full name, e.g., TZ="America/New_York".

In the tz database's FTP distribution the code is in the file tzcodeC.tar.gz,
where C is the code's version; similarly, the data are in tzdataD.tar.gz, where
D is the data's version. The following shell commands download these files to a
GNU/Linux or similar host; see the downloaded README file for what to do next.

wget 'ftp://elsie.nci.nih.gov/pub/tz*.tar.gz'
gzip -dc tzcode*.tar.gz | tar -xf -
gzip -dc tzdata*.tar.gz | tar -xf -

The code lets you compile the tz source files into machine-readable binary
files, one for each location. It also lets you read a tz binary file and
interpret time stamps for that location.

The data are by no means authoritative. If you find errors, please send changes
to the time zone mailing list. You can also subscribe to the mailing list,
retrieve the archive of old messages (in gzip compressed format), or retrieve
archived older versions of code and data; there is also a smaller HTTP mirror.